I love that liquor drown my days
now I'm taking my last ride
I paid the highest price you can pay
I'm on my way to others feel
upon first grade is where I'll be to rest until
the end of time
eternity the lady Babylon satanic initiation this
is going to be a great time because today I can promise you one thing today
I can promise you we're kicking down that door we're gonna take that guard down and when then we're gonna castrate
Jehovah that's what we're gonna do we're going for the big guy tonight on satanic
initiation
thank you
foreign good to see everyone tonight we're going
in and we're reclaiming according to our mandate according to our mandate
for the fifth season we are to take back these
blessed books that have been maligned for so long
Through Time by Mortals by Mortals yeah tonight we're taking it back and I'm
going to take you to the Giants now this is going to be special because I'm not taking you to any Fairy book Giants I'm
not doing it I'm not taking you in to see some kind of Grimm Brothers
awful transmogrification of the real
pre-socratic wisdom I'm not doing that I'm taking you back we're getting in
that ship and we're going back and we're going to shake the hands of accomplished Giants I got two Giants for you tonight
I got two giants we're gonna shake their hands find out who they are we will start out with a little bit of
propaganda these I want you to watch two I want you to watch two orphic hymns
orific hymns remember the images these things are should have a warning with them because the images are those which
are putting you into the state of initiation remember that the song is
Everything Chewie take us to
[Music]
foreign
it was a golden age but we're here for the testicles of God
himself what we need to do is we need to get by Michael at the door we need to
approach the throne we need to take it out we need to cut off those testicles who is in it with me tonight to take the
testicles right off we're going to establish a new Reign and we're gonna do it we're gonna do it through this power
of ion love it now what do we need though one we need one more thing before
we go the ship's still running right we're not there yet we need one more thing before we go we need her
everything else we need her who you say who we need her
we need her to chart the course we need her to guide the way we need her
Chewie hit this hit hit the hyperdrive let's go right right to Ray
[Music]
foreign [Music]
foreign
[Music]
nice work nice work there's no Nazi on the planet it could stand up against
that you know what I mean that is lovely lovely stuff okay tonight where are we
gonna start we just landed everybody get off the ship I want to introduce to you
the Giants who are these people there were giants
on the earth in those days and after that as the sons of God
went into the daughters of men they produced children
and these children were giants from ion
men who were famous illustrious renowned
go ahead and take it down that expression there off eye on this is strange and right away I just want you
to keep in the back of your head up ion what is Ion not a what but a who ion is
a Who yeah yeah who are these
Giants who are these Giants now get ready here's the interference Can you
feel it in the atmosphere here comes a little bit of electricity no
this is a Greek text we're reading throw us up the one of these what are these
so-called Scholars done to us the Nephilim giants look at the definition Giants
let me remind the audience take it down let me remind the audience we are reading the Greek text of the Septuagint
you have been told that it's a translation of a Hebrew text from
earlier but that Hebrew text doesn't exist it is not from Hebrew and I am not the
first to come up with this they did so in Antiquity the grammarians that studied it
said this thing is not a translation bro wow so what we're looking at is a Greek
I'm showing you the Giants like nobody else can I'm showing you the giant so you I'm so excited for you to meet these
Giants oh my goodness the sons of God
the sons of God who are these sons of God and where can I sign up where can I sign
up this is fantastic who are these people you will watch on the uh on
YouTube or any other place that you can go and you can pay you for this and that
and by the way some people are raising the issue we are not monetized I cannot
make money off of this it's a deal that I made with the Devil
fantastic let's go back to the sources this is gross this is so amazing so
um here we are with the Giants and the sons of God are walking around
doing some strange things we're all afraid of them what do we call them we call them Giants gigas it's a
it's a great word as old as the hills what is a giant a giant is The Offspring
of a Titan oh my God oh my God they come
from Titan blood these earthborn monsters come from Titan blood well I'm
getting closer I want to date one can I go out with it with one of these Giants
can we just can we just go pray pull us the next text coming up here yeah look
at this this is a this is an Ezekiel I pulled this one from Ezekiel because it mentions the Giants again here they are
metaton giganto and see that he laid down with the Giants in that sleep death
Pepto done wait a minute here's ion again
what's the relation with ion what's the relation he's that one who is
from yeah from ion from ion
okay who's this ion character I'm beginning like this if you walk into Israel I'm going to confuse you now I'm
going to confuse you are you ready hold on if you walk into a synagogue in
Israel just a little bit north of Jezreel
Valley you'll find a synagogue and in that synagogue what is there
ion is there I started looking for it right fantastic why is Ion in the middle
of our deal here what is this ion oh wait I I hear her
coming come on come in Nelly oh I believe the oil orders the eternal
shut up Nelly you have no idea what you're talking about but I have heard
some new testament Greek you don't know what you're talking about
Nelly yeah idios is eternal
that's the words you want ideas it's got IA on it on the front of that
for my great students always yes that's not ion
they are not coming from the ion yes who are these Giants let's see them
but I can I start to smell them there's a reason that people were afraid next one please Chewie there's a reason good
that people were afraid look what happened what do we know about these Giants these are the people I'm
describing to you now are you ready
they were all afraid they all feared the gigantas the people around are afraid of
them all the tribes and the territory around these dudes they're afraid for how long look great
guys it's a genitive duration of time yeah
time within which what is that it's the whole life Zoe's it's that whole life
they're always afraid these guys have a reputation these Giants
they were okay I still want to date one let's see what come on come over Giants
have a seat next slide Force please yes I call them slides annoyingly
because they're not yeah um these Giants are are you ready for
this are you ready for this they are The Offspring of Gaia and uranos through the
Titans are we all children of Earth and Sky
that's the question children of Earth and Sky in the beginning Jose us
God created that Earth and Sky he was the
protagonist oh my goodness do you hear the do you
hear the the strains of Old Testament just coming apart we're taking these
back man these texts are good Pagan tax man Moses is waving around a snake for a
good reason and for those of you who can't embrace the richness of your own Heritage I don't care I can embrace it
all Moses was a drug use in mogas drug use and mogas just wait until we profile
Moses because he's on the witness list for the trial of Jesus
on charges of trans-dimensional child trafficking
when he was arrested in a public park with a naked boy at 4am and that was 15
minutes fantastic let's keep going with the keep going keep going you can't get this
stuff anywhere else people you can't get this stuff anywhere else it's not gonna come right I'm gonna pull up
because people talk I was gonna say I was gonna rant there for a minute and I really need to for just a second
because you're gonna be watching oh God you're gonna be watching
on YouTube and you're gonna be watching shows on on the Nephilim
and you're gonna see dudes with this yeah
don't think about it right we're going on a date I've invited
them to come on let's see who they are Everybody's scared of them Everybody's scared don't be a human
right come on they're gonna teach us some good stuff we'll know them by what
they what they exude what they give us that's how we'll know them oh take me to
it take me to the next Source please loved it oh God okay I'm gonna take my
copy here which is some reason
on the page previous give me just a second sorry that's poor preparation
my book fell apart though so I I have the page I'll just look at it here
um yeah Cronus I just want to read you something about Kronos what is these ithalis remember these are hymns and the
reason is so important for you to watch that video is the same reason when you walk into your church you understand and
he says before I have my long boring speech let me you guys go ahead and listen some music and get energized
right those images and the hymn that were transferring now those people are not under the influence of strong drugs
and they're not in the sex orgy so the experience is going to be a little bit muted
but let's read to him so you can see it Cronus what is these I thought he said
always fresh you know vigorous shoot he's that father of the great Gods and
Men he's that one who has such crafty advice so intelligent he's that strong
one he's that great Titan Titan what are the Titans the Titans are what was
before took over the Titans are what was before
everything that's ruling now is yes very confusing it's the older
generation and I'm I'm trying to be extremely specific with Titans because you'll have
people BSU talking about Nephilim and be
asked you about what these things are what these are Titans produce these Giants and what are Titans Rhea and
Cronus are Titans Rey and Cronus or Titans what is the
this is the last one too I put this up on the my very last entry today
um yep go ahead that's yeah here is your verb right I told my Greek students
everybody don't forget all of Greek turns around its verb the verbs are the
engines that drive the language excellent so what I want you to do is what what is the Titan verb it's titano
which you can see is epic reduplicated for Taino and addictino will do right
but look what this means it's a stretch wait a minute read that Greek following stretcha Titan stretching that talkso
wait a minute do I do I have a bow I do have a bow this word's associated with
Boeing yes it is look at that look at the next line there's another bow reference and the line of that another
bow reference my goodness what other kind of references do we get we get the
harp we get the harp okay stop pull it down Chewie because you got to see the reality here it's that stretching action
it's that thing that brings that Bowman and that
musician into the same realm it's the tension
it's the tension of the cosmos those pre-socratic sitting around talking about tension nobody understands what
that means right it's the Attunement do you hear the atonement those of you
who who fancy the magic Arts it's particularly classical the real
stuff you guys you guys know what that means
what that tension is it's the power that drives everything and why are we talking like this Mr guy miss Mr Titan giant guy
sitting next to me talking to me tell me Mr Titan your children that are giants
what do they do they make lightning they make they make what they make lightning
okay now I'm in okay these people are cool no wonder people are afraid could
you tell me a little bit more about the lightning here give me the next boom let's just take the route let's
just take the root root of the oysters what is the oistress that is that sting
that is that sting it's also poison it's also the power
to put you into an oracular place and if you know Moses he likes his oracles
right he's out in the desert making tents yeah hearing the voice of God bringing the voice of God right bring
that voice to God and here we are to clip him are you ready here we're going to get we're gonna get our chance to clip him look at these always straight
to EK mining this is hisekius people he's a Greek who's writing about the
Greek language forget about modern scars all you idiots
all you idiots at Harvard Yale Stanford all of the
schools everywhere guess what it turns out the best definitions are from the Greeks
themselves yeah that's what we have to do any good classes knows that right it's too bad this generation following
mine I don't know what happened to it broke down got soft weak not enough drilling need
more Drilling people like to be drilled drilling's good for you it's good for the driller
it's good for the drill e what is the next one oyster
Taytay excuse me Thai yeah to
um to enter into that um you've heard the word idolatry the
performance of those rides that lat root is that so it's the oysters with that
regulating lat root and how does he Define it here I need to bring that up against you sir
um minotai to be maniac to be crazy
to be running around pointing at ghosts that nobody else sees
yeah we're talking about the Mantic rights you know what Heracles was he was a Mantic he was Mantic love it let's go
back let's go back oh there he is that's nice who's that I don't know it's got a nice hat go to the next we got to get these
quick or else we're gonna lose them are you ready um oyster playgos that just means to be
struck by the oysters right to be in Mania says in Mania go up one and I just
want to grab those two bottom ones look at this yeah look at this oh wait a minute we've got people who
are doing the oyster Mania who are entering into that state and if you weren't invited to the right party
you're not gonna get there this is a chemical process
the oysters is that Madness that is induced by the poison
fantastic they've got too much Scopolamine and atropine and high of skyamine going on these people are
flooding themselves right they're inducing intentionally inducing Mania now you understand why everybody's so
afraid of them yeah they can hit you with the narrow next thing you know you you do a Mitch
McConnell is it too early
it's too early too early I listen to that man lie out of his
lying tongue for so many years it felt good to see the fury stop him
got him short it felt good and I'm not afraid I'm not afraid to say that
everybody faces Moira everybody faces your equalizing destiny
yeah yeah we all think we're getting away but we aren't fantastic welcome to
prison that's the Chaldean thing right it's punishment for all of us fantastic unless you work for the place in which
case it's fun fantastic let's go back that yeah go
ahead and go down one yeah let's just see that oysters let's get hesikius to
tell us what oysters is shall we okay are you ready I know some of you have seen the oysters before but look here's
a Greek defining it this is not me this is a Greek and just like yesterday we're not going
to insert words into our Greek texts that aren't there like cannabis we are also not going to provide our own
definition of things we're gonna use him we're gonna use him look at this look at this erathismos what ismos oh this word
makes me so excited this is the dirty part um for those of you who you know who
uh whatever everybody should see this go bring it down the next one what is that
Edith's most that's an irritation have you ever had that irritation I've got that irritation that itch I've
got the the itch running me and sometimes I've got to have this Edith is
my Pros afrodisia I've got to have this itch this irritation that leads me to
aphrodisia I want to go to aphrodisia I want some provocation and some
rebelliousness oh don't you love that in the septuous it's a perverse rebelliousness don't you love that
you may be able to bring more medicine to more people through the temples of Aphrodite
Bacchus the cult always leads to Aphrodite for a healing reason the Oracle is a
healing Oracle you need that you might not go in as a one of the Watchers was telling me
the other day you might not go into a your school or your workplace and shoot
up people and then write manifestos about how you hate women because they
all rejected you you might if you had been put through a society that recognized the value of
sexual initiation you wouldn't have never have gotten to that place because you would be mentally
healthy the priestesses and the temples they'll help you they will help you are you depressed
are you depressed do you not feel well does your body out in an imbalance come
come we will help we will help yes this is mental health people meant
to straight up mental health yes designed by women it's gorgeous the
history here is fantastic um let's go to the next yep go ahead
yeah and what is that aphrodisias right this is what the oysters does for us are
you ready takes us to aphrodisias or aphrodisia in the plural right and what
are those things they're the things that belong to the goddess the things that
belong to Aphrodite and pray tell Mr Titan who's going to
introduce your Giant children to me pray tell what what are these uh aphrodisiacs
do what are these things that belong to Aphrodite back to the definition please yep what are they um sexual pleasures oh
sexual pleasures I see does everybody see that look at number three pudenda
who did it once again somebody look that up I don't know what that is I know there's a Latin word pudor that means
shame shame these are your shamed bits
yes they are that's what the oyster Mania leads me to
when I'm taking the oysters when I'm getting that sting boom
yes it leads me to to Aphrodite look at number three Temple
of Aphrodite right they got places for this I need to go I need to that's where
you're going to find the drugs that's where you're gonna be healed you get up off your backside and go down to the
temple and spend the weekend there and come back and you're going to be refreshed you can be refreshed you might
learn something you might walk away with it with a little more respect a little more respect for those priestesses you
might you may that this what a perfect perfect solution to your
to your problem gorgeous I love it it's brilliant no I
need that one more um there was one more thing on the aphrodisias yeah I just want you to take
that down I just want you to look at the bottom yeah we're in Cyprus
it's the name of a month January February March 6.
May June Jeremy January February March 6 May June July
do you like that January February March pudenda it's pudendal season
let's celebrate we're celebrating the female genitalia
if you're celebrating the female genitalia because it's female genitalia month
your Society might be a little bit less misogynistic you think maybe a little
bit less you can get to that level of understanding and comfort that you have a national
vagina month this is national sex and vagina month
Women's Health 101. think of that how wonderful that is you
don't get there and I can hear you Evangelical so I heard you to the screen I heard one of you say something about
demons and and drugs yes that's where we're going we're going to drink and we're going to drinking abortifacions
out of aborted fetus
drizzling out of the Priestess yeah sometimes it's just a few South stage
right so it's just like punch
do you see why are they fearing these Titans they are bringing this technology
they're bringing it to the people they are bringing it specifically to the
women and the women are taking it over who are these Nephilim you thought they
were oh I'm a big giant Angel dude I'm gonna go have sex with some women
that's what you thought it was and Jehovah steps up that's right Jehovah
this one for you one big one right on the place that it's Gonna Hurt most
what does Cronus do the Titan cuts off those testicles
cuts off those testicles fantastic love it let's keep going more
text right people say you need the tax you need the proof this is all this is
tax we're drowning in the text I want to take you to Enoch I want to take you to
Enoch and by the way I've got a show coming up where I'm taking on I'm gonna look at
one by uh one History Channel um History Channel uh documentary
having having said before I say this let me tell you
um History Channel approached me and through a production team and said we
want to do a documentary based on your book chemical Muse
fantastic job was done because I advised them to get profs who had access to
these texts particularly the medical stuff who know the drug text I told them
you've got to get this hardcore stuff you've got to get and so it was a great
it was a great documentary um yeah History Channel wonderful
um but this video this recent documentary came out a couple of months ago has every
has every player lined up giving you the line of squat that's gonna stain your
left lips with the poop that comes out of Michael's rear that's what it's going
to do you say Michael doesn't have a rear he's a he's an angel he doesn't have any parts either
he doesn't have any parts yeah well you don't know about
what it smells like to be around the devil yeah and it smells like that
right this is cult we're talking about people this is real stuff
this is not a joke this is not a prank this is real textual work we've got to
see what's going on these are sexual Cults and I'm gonna bring you now through Enoch I just want to read you a
little bit I know I've mentioned Enoch before and all I'm going to do is yeah
all I'm gonna do is translate here I've got um these are from the Giza this is from
the Giza fragments right and so this is a copy of
um of the text and what I'm going to do is there are
two registers I'm going to use them both because I'm going to go from both translations just to get as well around
that it hit on as I can but our first comes I'm just gonna read
it to you and yeah they took to themselves women each man right got his
own female and um entered into this way of living and
that included staining staining himself
staining himself huh that's kind of odd well let's just okay let's keep reading
let's keep reading how else are we gonna defile ourselves yeah and they taught
they taught each other the use of drugs that's what it says they taught each other epos you remember
that sexual singing meant to excite that I told you about guess what's there
they're teaching this with the drugs with the drugs these are the Giants
that are produced from this generation these are the Giants fantastic you mean
they're not they're not angular actually they are anguloid but they're human anguloy human Messengers
yes human Messengers that word angeloy the dude with the wings and the Flappy
Flap flap okay within the symbols that is only there to convey the progression
of the language they're always about the language remember Hermes he's the chief
your messenger has to be the one who can do the hermeneutics the hermeneutics do
you hear Hermes in it the translation isn't that nice the meth
hermeneutics the translation that's that's incredible I love this
stuff okay one more tax from Enoch and I want to tell you what else are they teaching him he says they're teaching
them about the plants they're teaching about the plants and they're teaching them about the drugs and the and uh he
says here that look one of them oh here one of these guys teaches the other ones
um about the craft and what is he teach in place I'm just going to run through the list I'm just going to run through
the list they teach him how to make weapons weapons and Shields and how to
make war how to press on a war they teach him how to mine and how to work metal oh okay so these guys are at a
time when they're working that bronze they're those bronze were okay cool I
got it I see how that be intimidating if your neighbor can show up in bronze armor and like why that could be scary I
suppose you know what I mean they show them how to work that metal and they show them how to make those drugs they are used in things like the Cosmetics
yeah and wait what else do they do they do they teach in bafica
I've got this one what is what is bafica I think that one's up there isn't it yeah look this is dying people we have
walked in to those dies yet again
okay fantastic we've walked right into the
Dyers that of course that art is of course associated in Antiquities antiquity
um with a technology that was Allied with drugs drugs
right that oysters the EOS is called the violet or the purple why is it called
The Violet of the purple because when IO when IO right what started the war
between the Titans and the Olympians anyway what started all of this
the io started all of this that was the one issue was the io
oh my God you mean it's all about this oysters it's all about that draw
that itch that drive yeah it is look at
what they're doing and Paul the Apostle spank his holy bottom
Paul the Apostle would tell you look what they've done they put the nature
into the Divinity they worship the nature and the
the Greeks and Romans would say of course why why wouldn't you
why wouldn't you yes well all right do you see what happens when
you worship the nature you castrate Jehovah you castrate Jehovah if you want to have
young girls who cannot be educated you have to have Jehovah intact
if you want to follow that mother that great mother you have to castrate
Jehovah it's why it's why she came to Cronus
she was like look Cronus nobody else
castrate him and he's like Yahweh man yeah way man I'm there and what happened
when Cronus castrated him Boom the foam born came through
Aphrodite you see how she is that perfect Aphrodite is in their mind that
perfect manifestation of nature
that foam from the water yes gorgeous oh I love it so much I just
want to put on I just want to play the rare for you um
I seem to have dropped my note my text where there it
is let me just read you a couple of things but um about Raya and while Chewie Regal
them a little bit with Raya um they don't need to watch the Greek the whole time yes
um I'm gonna read the second half because it's in Greek yes so yeah she's that beautiful form right she is that
incredible mate um of Cronus who rejoices and want she rejoices in
the screams the hallelujahs the hallelujahs of Mortals in the mountains
she rejoices in that and there is both dark and light in that because that ola
luzo can be a shout of war and we know that Raya is full of this war
that flow Brea is a flow that flow is full of this
war full of it fantastic what else is she called sottera I don't know if you
noticed in the clip I'm gonna play it again because I want you to see the Titans and the Giants
but that flow that Israel is called the savior
she is the savior why is Kronos important why is Saturn important
because he responds to Reya and does what she says
she is the one who has the power and what do they call her the Palm basilea
she who is the all Queen he's only a oneox Cronus is only a one ox
that's that Mycenaean King this is before anything Moses anything you can
possibly think from the from what you and I call the Bible
right this is before these are the Mycenaeans doing this
and there she is what a beautiful beautiful goddess image right that hits you right
here like I said the Nazis are no match this tears through them all to the core
love this and she is one that one who loves war and she is what the Savior and
she is what the one who brings that cleansing of demons do you have demons today
do you have a little demon that needs to be cleansed I can cleanse your demon
I can cast out that Demon I've got a place for you to go to Cyprus
several thousand years ago and once you're there those demons can
be drawn they can be drawn from you yeah
place of healing it's a hospital those clever Greeks we're building communal
hospitals places where they could purify their citizens isn't that nice
if you had a place like that we might have we might have a little bit more calm there may not be this electricity
in the air yes yes you have to bring that Mania
that Madness in order to achieve that calm
that calm fantastic and I just want to say um at the here near the end of the oath
uh near the end of the um him excuse me says she's a savior multiple times and
then it says remember this word savior is far before Christians are calling anybody's savior
um what does she send on the whole on the entire Earth what does she send out Raya
she sends out the cares she sends out what what is this Great
Goddess send us the nurse of Bacchus what does she send us she sends us death
you know what the queries are they're those sisters that pull that pull the
soul from the body as it's dying they fly they fly to you within the
moments nobody's faster than these kitties right nobody's faster they fly
to you at the moment of your death particularly violent death
right we're not talking dude who falls asleep in his bed or you know we're
talking about person who loses it has their life taken
yeah this is what Raya this is what Raya gives us
you know welcome to the mystery what it what did it say in the what did it say
in Enoch that they were teaching them I'm sorry I just wanna I just want to say this oh they were teaching him drugs
epoes oh Sophia's wisdom words of wisdom
um cleansings of these demons astroscopia looking at this looking at
the stars and determining fate from Stars that's nice Australia right the
eighth one what did they teach me oh that eighth person here's a clue for anybody who's paying attention to the clues
fish there's your eighth person the eighth that is spoken of in the book of
the Apocalypse the eighth is there within the right and what is that eighth
doing yeah they are teaching the iroscopy these
observation of the things that take place in the air do you have that ability to see the
signs it says they taught them signs about the Sun and the Moon and drawing down the moon and then the
very last line I don't mean to keep you I'm sorry I'm keeping you so long is they teach them the hand down the the
mystery to their children the hand down the mystery to their children
yeah and they it's at this time says your author
that these Giants started eating human flesh
they were Eaters of human flesh
and I know if you're Greek and ancient Greek it pains you to bring up the past
that you don't like to talk about but you know that you can drink a
woman's abortion you know that you can and you know the power that it conveys
because you're part of the Titan culture you are those bow people you are those
strainers who find that tension and run around with your um songs
and your drugs yeah do you see these people get off the
Nephilim get off the Nephilim that's fairy tale world this is a Greek text talking about good
old-fashioned anthropology and history let's pull our heads out of it that's
where that's what we're trying to do is pull our heads out of this and see the world it's fantastic to be able to work
with you and it's a real pleasure I want to just play um Raya one more time I want to play red
one more time and then we'll call it out and I want you to look for those Giants and Titans now
foreign [Music]
foreign
[Music]
the great vulture herself eats out his
liver we come to Cronus the Promethean
and we say one more time what is that golden age
[Music] foreign
[Music]
foreign [Music]
thank you for coming tonight hail Satan
[Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music]
[Applause] [Music] to me on Sundays
[Music]